hi welcome to rocktron video today we're
going to teach you how to rock we're
going to cover wide mountain right
variety of topics of getting you closer
to rock stardom if you guys want to open
up your booklets to section one first
topic today is double bass drumming
first check this out
yeah that's probably one of my favorite
drum pieces there came from song from a
1984 tour did God's MacLeod tour
primarily parts 1 and 2 of that session
third chapter section came from soul
apart in another song during tour anyhow
not about me talk a little bit more
about that later let's get to some of
the other techniques talk about a little
bit more about the double daves try a
technique and let's rock section 1a
that technique probably best practice on
your own time not my time era also
reminds me of a 1984 rushed or when not
gods in cobb open up form and i was in
the middle solo and neil peart came out
and gave me a thumbs up and later after
the show you know asked me he just he's
used as amazed by that technique wanted
to know more about it how he could do it
i simply just told him that he'll he'll
never know so i signed an autograph
picture for him and that told me get the
out of my face now back to more of
me section 28 stage performance
cherokee people
go running bear said be peaceful and
proud of the land
well I hope you learned something today
I sure did I learned at remembering how
how awesome I am so keep rockin